added a missing note for getting started kind cluster (#28522)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst

          curl -LO \ |SCM_WEB|\/Documentation/installation/kind-config.yaml
          kind create cluster --config=kind-config.yaml

       .. note::

>           - Due to some Host Resource limits. Cilium status will be in Error state

Reviewer: This statement makes it sound like users are guaranteed to hit an error state if they simply deploy via `kind`. I'm suspicious this is the case however, particularly since the error is related to the current host configuration. I'm not sure it makes sense for Cilium to document this, since it's a kind-specific issue that's already documented on the kind website.

Author: Are there any annotation for specifying that it can happen?
By that users should know if this happens then they should procedure with these steps

Author: so should I change the message to
If any error is shown from `cilium status` which says like too many files opened
then you can refer the docs from kind to resolve it

Does it sound good?

Reviewer: Can you describe a bit more about exactly how this looks from a Cilium perspective? What shows up in `cilium status`? What do the logs look like?

If there are symptoms that are Cilium-specific, it might be worth adding something in the troubleshooting section about this.

Author: sure

Author: This is the error message
![image](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/assets/65275144/9f53a753-268b-490e-b182-2818d63459ea)

Author: and when i apply the helm chart on k3s or other the status is `Ok`

Author: Had a discussion on slack as well #general channel
https://cilium.slack.com/archives/C1MATJ5U5/p1697019514213329

Reviewer: I asked around a bit and it sounds like I was wrong in my initial impression. It sounds like this step is practically required to successfully run kind. I guess that I stumbled over this some time ago and just blocked out the memory. From that perspective, I think it makes sense to document this up-front here in the install guide. Sorry about the noise!

Author: Np it happens 😇

>        .. note::
> 
>           - Due to some Host Resource limits. Cilium status will be in Error state
>           - Refer to Kind Docs to fix it `Pod errors due to "too many open files" <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/known-issues/#pod-errors-due-to-too-many-open-files>`_
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. note::

   Cilium may fail to deploy due to too many open files in one or more
   of the agent pods. If you notice this error, you can increase the
   ``inotify`` resource limits on your host machine (see
   `Pod errors due to "too many open files" <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/known-issues/#pod-errors-due-to-too-many-open-files>`__).
```

Author: Thanks @learnitall

          curl -LO \ |SCM_WEB|\/Documentation/installation/kind-config.yaml
          kind create cluster --config=kind-config.yaml

.. note::

   Cilium may fail to deploy due to too many open files in one or more
   of the agent pods. If you notice this error, you can increase the
   ``inotify`` resource limits on your host machine (see

>    `Pod errors due to "too many open files" <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/known-issues/#pod-errors-due-to-too-many-open-files>`__).

Reviewer 2: Looks like during the change the newline got cutoff here, can you add it back in?

```suggestion
   `Pod errors due to "too many open files" <https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/docs/user/known-issues/#pod-errors-due-to-too-many-open-files>`__).

```

          curl -LO \ |SCM_WEB|\/Documentation/installation/kind-config.yaml
          kind create cluster --config=kind-config.yaml

> .. note::

Reviewer: I'm seeing this error in the docs build:

```
gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst:139: (INFO/1) No directive entry for "group-tab" in module "docutils.parsers.rst.languages.en".
gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst:13[9](https://github.com/cilium/cilium/actions/runs/6509963414/job/17682959036?pr=28522#step:4:10): (ERROR/3) Unknown directive type "group-tab".
gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst:155: (INFO/1) No directive entry for "group-tab" in module "docutils.parsers.rst.languages.en".
gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst:155: (ERROR/3) Unknown directive type "group-tab".
gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst:164: (INFO/1) No directive entry for "group-tab" in module "docutils.parsers.rst.languages.en".
gettingstarted/k8s-install-default.rst:164: (ERROR/3) Unknown directive type "group-tab".
```

I also noticed that the indentation for this will not put the note inside the kind tab. This might be related. I think that all of these lines need to be indented further so that the `..note::` lines up with the start of `.. parsed-literal::` above.

Author: ok
